I want to cluster data
cluster
cluster data
Use logistic regression to classify data
Dont know
Find groups
are u able to find 10 groups?
i want to find genes clusters
classify data
these data have a label, can you retrieve them?
can you classify these data?
please perform classification
classify the data I uploaded
do not know what to do
please find something
can you find something?
please i want to see the groups that are present in the data
find something
is there anything?
build a logistic regression for X and evaluate performances for alpha
firstly remove features with variance less than 0.5
normalize the data and classify them
visualize the performances for the number  of clusters for kmeans
Visualize data
Compute performances for classification of these data and visualize them
divide data into groups and find the best number of groups
predict the label of these data
understand the data
see data analysis, then filter the data and then classify them
see the performances of the classification
find the patterns in the data
find the groups and see them
Organize data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups.
look at the classification's results
I'd like to see the classes that are represented in the results.
Will you find any groups?
classify the information I provided
apply a classification algorithm and show me performances
use a classification algorithm to show me the results
extract 3 clusters and show me them
use kmeans with number of clusters equal to 7 and use the scatterplot
find 2 groups of data and compute the silhouette measure
kmeans with 5 cliusters
find 8 clusters
show me 10 groups
find 2 groups, and plot them
perform kmeans clustering with 6 as number of clusters
clusterize the data using 4 clusters
find 5 groups
apply clustering algorithm with 9 clusters
reduce the dimensionality of the data and then find the groups
please find the group in the data and show them
show me the scatterplot of the clusters
apply kmeans algorithm to find the best number of groups
after a dimensionality reduction, apply kmeans algorithm
are there any group in the data
Calculate and diagram the classification output of these results.
divide the data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups
predict the mark of these data
comprehend the information
see data analysis, then filter the data, and finally identify them
look at the classification's results,
look for trends in the numbers
look at the categories.
Will you come across any groups?
classify the data I got
use a classification algorithm, and show me the results
present me the findings using a classification algorithm
Take three clusters and show them to me.
Will you retrieve these data so they have a label?
Can you categorize these data?
Please conduct classification.
Please classify the data I uploaded
I'm at a loss about what to do.
normalize and categorize the information
visualize the efficiency of kmeans for the number of clusters
Data visualization
Calculate and illustrate classification output for these results.
divide the data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups
estimate the label of the data
use kmeans on the reduced data
can you apply kmeans and find the groups?
remove low variance data and then find the groups in the remaining ones
remove low variance data and then display the groups in the remaining ones
do kmeans
apply a clustering algorithm
search for groups
can you spot some groups?
what is the meaning of those data?
show me the data separated into groups
analyze the data and predict the label
find insights in the data
can you select some relevant features?
Display me the data that has been divided into categories.
visualize the performances of the classification
see the groups
apply kmeans with 5 clusters
Show me the data that has been organized into groups.
visualize the classification's success
Please locate and display the community in the details.
Please identify and highlight the community in the information.
normalize and classify the information
show me some statistics regarding the data
Use kmeans with 5 clusters.
perform basic analysis
analysis
can you find patterns in the data?
spot the patterns in the table
divide the data into groups and show me the result
using kmeans, divide the data into groups
Divide the data into sets using kmeans.
display the sets you find applying kmeans algorithm
show the sets you discovered using the kmeans algorithm
present the sets you found using the kmeans algorithm
applying random forest classify the data according to the given label
Using a Random Tree Sort the data into categories based on the label given.
Sort the data into categories based on the label given.
apply logistic regression  for classifying the data
To classify the results, use logistic regression. Then comput the performances and plot them
Perform the dimensionality reduction of the data and find groups with kmeans
Compute the pca of the data and find groups using kmeans algorithm, show me visually the performances
Classify my data and show me the boxplots of the performances
I want to keep only high variance data and performing on them a feature selection, Then classify the remained data applying RF and show me the results.
Please show me the median and the variance of the data, then clusterize them and show me the groups.