I want to cluster data
cluster
cluster data
Use logistic regression to classify data
Dont know
Find groups
are u able to find 10 groups?
i want to find genes clusters
classify data
these data have a label, can you retrieve them?
can you classify these data?
please perform classification
classify the data I uploaded
do not know what to do
please find something
can you find something?
please i want to see the groups that are present in the data
find something
is there anything?
build a logistic regression for X and evaluate performances for alpha
firstly remove features with variance less than 0.5
normalize the data and classify them
visualize the performances for the number  of clusters for kmeans
Visualize data
Compute performances for classification of these data and visualize them
divide data into groups and find the best number of groups
predict the label of these data
understand the data
see data analysis, then filter the data and then classify them
see the performances of the classification
find the patterns in the data
find the groups and see them
Organize data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups.
look at the classification's results
I'd like to see the classes that are represented in the results.
Will you find any groups?
classify the information I provided
apply a classification algorithm and show me performances
use a classification algorithm to show me the results
extract 3 clusters and show me them
use kmeans with number of clusters equal to 7 and use the scatterplot
find 2 groups of data and compute the silhouette measure
kmeans with 5 cliusters
find 8 clusters
show me 10 groups
find 2 groups, and plot them
perform kmeans clustering with 6 as number of clusters
clusterize the data using 4 clusters
find 5 groups
apply clustering algorithm with 9 clusters
reduce the dimensionality of the data and then find the groups
please find the group in the data and show them
show me the scatterplot of the clusters
apply kmeans algorithm to find the best number of groups
after a dimensionality reduction, apply kmeans algorithm
are there any group in the data
Calculate and diagram the classification output of these results.
divide the data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups
predict the mark of these data
comprehend the information
see data analysis, then filter the data, and finally identify them
look at the classification's results,
look for trends in the numbers
look at the categories.
Will you come across any groups?
classify the data I got
use a classification algorithm, and show me the results
present me the findings using a classification algorithm
Take three clusters and show them to me.
Will you retrieve these data so they have a label?
Can you categorize these data?
Please conduct classification.
Please classify the data I uploaded
I'm at a loss about what to do.
normalize and categorize the information
visualize the efficiency of kmeans for the number of clusters
Data visualization
Calculate and illustrate classification output for these results.
divide the data into groups and determine the optimal number of groups
estimate the label of the data
use kmeans on the reduced data
can you apply kmeans and find the groups?
remove low variance data and then find the groups in the remaining ones
remove low variance data and then display the groups in the remaining ones
do kmeans
apply a clustering algorithm
search for groups
can you spot some groups?
what is the meaning of those data?
show me the data separated into groups
analyze the data and predict the label
find insights in the data
can you select some relevant features?
Display me the data that has been divided into categories.
visualize the performances of the classification
see the groups
apply kmeans with 5 clusters
Show me the data that has been organized into groups.
visualize the classification's success
Please locate and display the community in the details.
Please identify and highlight the community in the information.
normalize and classify the information
show me some statistics regarding the data
Use kmeans with 5 clusters.
perform basic analysis
analysis
can you find patterns in the data?
spot the patterns in the table
divide the data into groups and show me the result
using kmeans, divide the data into groups
Divide the data into sets using kmeans.
display the sets you find applying kmeans algorithm
show the sets you discovered using the kmeans algorithm
present the sets you found using the kmeans algorithm
applying random forest classify the data according to the given label
Using a Random Tree Sort the data into categories based on the label given.
Sort the data into categories based on the label given.
apply logistic regression  for classifying the data
To classify the results, use logistic regression. Then comput the performances and plot them
Perform the dimensionality reduction of the data and find groups with kmeans
Compute the pca of the data and find groups using kmeans algorithm, show me visually the performances
Classify my data and show me the boxplots of the performances
I want to keep only high variance data and performing on them a feature selection, Then classify the remained data applying RF and show me the results.
Please show me the median and the variance of the data, then clusterize them and show me the groups.
can you find the correlation among the data?
please compute the correlation among the data
can you select only the relevant features?
select the most important features and clusterize them
extract the most important features and show me the groups you retrieve
compute pearson correlation of the data
compute spearman correlation of the data
can you find the data that are correlated?
can you use pearson measure to compute the correlation of the data?
which are the features that are most related to the label?
can you find a relation among the features and the label?
are there some rules regarding the features and the label?
find the association rules in the data
can you retrieve frequent itemsets?
please find the frequent itemsets in the data
extract meaningful rules in the data
i want to mine the frequent itemsets in the dataset
can you find if the data are related?
are those data related?
visualize my data
see data
I want to see the distribution of my data
can I see my data
can I visualize my data?
can I visualize the distribution of my data?
can I see the distribution?
is it available the distribution?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the quality of the wine?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the quality of the wine?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the quality of the wine?
What is related to the coronary disease risk in the next ten years?
What is related to the coronary disease risk in the next ten years?
What is related to the coronary disease risk in the next ten years?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the disease?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the disease?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the disease?
Which are the characteristics that mostly influence the disease?
If a person smokes, is she prone to have illnesses?
Can you predict if a patient will suffer from coronary disease in the next 10 years based on all the available data?
Can you predict if a patient will suffer from coronary disease in the next 10 years considering only the most important characteristics?
Can you visualize which are the characteristics that a person has if she get sick in the next 10 years?
Figure out which are the factors responsible for an employee to leave the company
Figure out which are the factors responsible for an employee to leave the company
Predict whether an emplyee will leave the company
how can I find the employee that want to leave the company?
Is there a relation between joining year and willness to leave?
Can you define which are the features that can tell me if an employee wants to stay in the company or leave it and define a way in order to understand in advance if she wants to stay
Which are the factors that disappoint a customer?
Which are the factors that disappoint a customer?
How can I understand if I have to modify the products according to the needs of a client?
How can I understand if I have to modify the products according to the needs of a client?
Find if there are groups of clients that can I exploit to sell more
Are there anomalies in my data?
show me the strange data
show me if there are data that can be considered strange
i want to visualize if there are anomalies in the data
do you see outliers in my data?
can you perform anomalies detection?
are there strange stuff in these data?
can you find if there are strange penguins?
can you see if there are outliers?
do you find anomalies?
find strange data
predict if there is someone that has a characteristic
can you predict the disease?
can you predict if there is a person that will have a cancer?
can you predict if there is a person that will take covid?
predict who is a covid patient
can you find the data that are considered strange from the others
can you find the data that are considered outliers?
can you find the data that are strange
please extrapolate the outliers
please extract samples that are strange
please find the data strange
select feature age and gender
i want you to predict according to the features sex and age
see which are the most important features according to the classification
see which are the most important features
classify the data and extract the most important features
forecast short term returns in 14 popular cryptocurrencies
Use your ML expertise to predict real crypto market data
Use your ML expertise to predict real crypto market data
detect and delineate distinct objects of interest in biological images
score a set of about fourteen thousand comments
accurately determine a pet photo’s appeal and even suggest improvements
build a machine learning model that predicts which Tweets are about real disasters and which one’s aren’t.
assigns labels of 0, 1, or 2 (corresponding to entailment, neutral, and contradiction) to pairs of premises and hypotheses
correctly identify digits from a dataset of tens of thousands of handwritten images
predict customer behavior
organize and visualize the scientific literature on or related to COVID-19 using machine learning techniques so that papers on similar topics are grouped together
identify outliers / Anomalous transactions before hand unless reported by the customer
One of our main challenges comprise of monitoring and analyzing our client's business metrics in real time for instant detection of the incidents that may impact their revenue.
which features are most important in determining the forecast
identifying which variables are important to understand if an employee will stay in the company
please  i would like to visualize which are the columns that influence the fact that a person has a disease
My objective is to classify COVID patients , with 5 levels of severity ( no sympthoms , mild, intense care , incubated , dead ) and understand which factors most determine them , including sex , age , and main comorbidities
My objective is to understand the COVID determinants. I have collected Covid’s severity ( graded as no sympthoms , mild , intense care , incubated , dead ) , the patient’s age , sex and main comorbidities
extract the most important features after having classify the data
show the most important features after the classification
select the important characteristics that influence the tumor appereance
define which are the features that predict mostly the emloyees that will stay
can you filter the features and only after it find the typical pattern in the data
can you filter the features and only after it predict the illness of a sample
first select the appropriate characteristics, then show me the important ones that are able to say if a customer will buy a product or not
see the most relevant features according to the classification
i want to select the features, then classify the data and extract the most important features from the dataset
predict the data
predict the next value according to the past time values
find maximum variance plan